warning message for init (#1423)
astronomer/docs: astro/cli/sql-cli.md

astro flow init
```

> Because this command uses Docker, it might take a few moments to complete. In particular, the first time you run it from a specific version of the Astro CLI, it may take around five minutes. Subsequent runs from the same Astro CLI version should take only a few seconds. (We are actively addressing this issue!) It generates the following files: 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This command uses Docker, and it can take up to five minutes to complete if this is the first time you're running the command and you're using a specific version of the Astro CLI. Subsequent runs with the same Astro CLI version typically complete in seconds. When the command finishes running, it generates the following files: 
```
